SS3 storage above so in that we have basically two types of two things basically, when is the S3 bucket and when is the S3 object S3 bucket is basically the can say the larger container which holds the S3 objects of this S3 objects can be of any type it can be email. It can be any type of file. It's basically like a storage to create a SD bucket in simple go create a new bucket. The interesting thing is while creating you get a lot of configuration options the main config options that we should.
So the main country options we have is first is the bucket type. It's the general purpose and directly this is newly added. Next is the AWS region I think earlier they were allowed to change the AWS region in which the bucket is deployed, but now by default detects from the top navigation tab what you have selected buckets name space in buckets name space it's kind of like the main name and you have two option options there global space and and account account regional name space so in account regional name space in a regional name specific basically you get to select the create the bucket prefix you need to that region itself basically adds like a key identify and the end for your with your account ID and the region it's creating so it'll be like that next moving on we have ACL, which is access control list so that again we'll see in future then we have the permission option. Do we want to allow the public access? We want to allow only by ACL things by default it's blocked for all public a. Then we have backend versioning option so in this you can create multiple variance of an object in the same area can use versioning then my default. We have tags to write them down now the main thing is we have encryption in encryption. We have by default. SSES3 encrypti that is a Amazon S3 managed case service side interruption other two options are KMS encryption and DSSE encryption basically service SSCKMS that stands for service side encryption key manage services and DSSE that is dual server side, dual layer service side, encryption key services by default. It gives a SSC S3 encryption, which is southside encryption for Amazon S3 mana and you have bucket keys that comes for SSCKMS3 that's simple to create the bucket next to upload again in the UI you just click upload
another interesting thing in the UI of uploading objects is that there is something called storage class usually we need to keep it standard, but we have different type of storage standard IAA standard, intelligent and like eight different types of classes based on the type of object we are showing so that is interesting that they are allowing to change the storage class at the object level and it's easy to move and change thethings around that so yeah that covers S3 from the UI perspective or gooey perspective at least
